F:\Users\muratgul\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\repos\Sifreleme\Sifreleme\bin\Release\Sifreleme.exe.config
F:\Users\muratgul\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\repos\Sifreleme\Sifreleme\bin\Release\Sifreleme.exe
F:\Users\muratgul\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\repos\Sifreleme\Sifreleme\bin\Release\Sifreleme.pdb
F:\Users\muratgul\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\repos\Sifreleme\Sifreleme\bin\Release\NETCore.Encrypt.dll
F:\Users\muratgul\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\repos\Sifreleme\Sifreleme\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
F:\Users\muratgul\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\repos\Sifreleme\Sifreleme\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.pdb
F:\Users\muratgul\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\repos\Sifreleme\Sifreleme\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
F:\Users\muratgul\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\repos\Sifreleme\Sifreleme\obj\Release\Sifreleme.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
F:\Users\muratgul\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\repos\Sifreleme\Sifreleme\obj\Release\Sifreleme.frmAna.resources
F:\Users\muratgul\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\repos\Sifreleme\Sifreleme\obj\Release\Sifreleme.Properties.Resources.resources
F:\Users\muratgul\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\repos\Sifreleme\Sifreleme\obj\Release\Sifreleme.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
F:\Users\muratgul\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\repos\Sifreleme\Sifreleme\obj\Release\Sifreleme.csproj.CopyComplete
F:\Users\muratgul\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\repos\Sifreleme\Sifreleme\obj\Release\Sifreleme.exe
F:\Users\muratgul\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\repos\Sifreleme\Sifreleme\obj\Release\Sifreleme.pdb
F:\Users\muratgul\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\repos\Sifreleme\Sifreleme\obj\Release\Sifreleme.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
d:\Users\TA5MRG\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Repos\Sifreleme\Sifreleme\bin\Release\Sifreleme.exe.config
d:\Users\TA5MRG\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Repos\Sifreleme\Sifreleme\bin\Release\Sifreleme.exe
d:\Users\TA5MRG\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Repos\Sifreleme\Sifreleme\bin\Release\Sifreleme.pdb
d:\Users\TA5MRG\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Repos\Sifreleme\Sifreleme\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
d:\Users\TA5MRG\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Repos\Sifreleme\Sifreleme\obj\Release\Sifreleme.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
d:\Users\TA5MRG\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Repos\Sifreleme\Sifreleme\obj\Release\Sifreleme.frmAna.resources
d:\Users\TA5MRG\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Repos\Sifreleme\Sifreleme\obj\Release\Sifreleme.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\Users\TA5MRG\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Repos\Sifreleme\Sifreleme\obj\Release\Sifreleme.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
d:\Users\TA5MRG\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Repos\Sifreleme\Sifreleme\obj\Release\Sifreleme.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
d:\Users\TA5MRG\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Repos\Sifreleme\Sifreleme\obj\Release\Sifreleme.csproj.CopyComplete
d:\Users\TA5MRG\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Repos\Sifreleme\Sifreleme\obj\Release\Sifreleme.exe
d:\Users\TA5MRG\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Repos\Sifreleme\Sifreleme\obj\Release\Sifreleme.pdb
d:\Users\ta5mrg\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Repos\Sifreleme\Sifreleme\obj\Release\Sifreleme.csproj.Fody.CopyLocal.cache
